Docs: Fundamentals of Block Development - Static or Dynamic rendering of a block (#57250)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/getting-started/fundamentals/README.md

1. [**Registration of a block**](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/getting-started/fundamentals/registration-of-a-block) - How a block is registered in both the server and the client.
1. [**Block wrapper**](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/getting-started/fundamentals/block-wrapper) - How to set proper attributes to the block's markup wrapper.
1. [**The block in the Editor**](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/getting-started/fundamentals/block-in-the-editor) - The block as a React component loaded in the Block Editor and its possibilities.

> 1. [**Markup representation of a block**](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/getting-started/fundamentals/markup-representation-block) - How blocks are represented in the DB or templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [**Markup representation of a block**](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/getting-started/fundamentals/markup-representation-block) - How blocks are represented in the database, theme templates, or patterns.
```

> 1. [**Markup representation of a block**](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/getting-started/fundamentals/markup-representation-block) - How blocks are represented in the DB or templates.

Reviewer 2: I know this was copied over from the original, but can we spell out "database" for clarity? "DB" is not universally understood, especially for new developers. It probably wouldn't hurt to check if this is used elsewhere in the doc.

Author: Done! ✅
